

GHUSYARA HIMA PRAMUDHITA NUSANTARA
SUMMARY
A high school graduate with a Social Sciences background, possessing work experience in the
hospitality industry and as a store supervisor. Also gained experience as part of a marketing team
in the FMCG and hardware/steel supply sectors. Highly motivated, adaptable, and eager to learn
and take on new challenges.
WORK EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
Senior High School - Social Sciences
SMAN 1 Kauman Tulungagung
Tulungagung
2011 - 2014
Managed inventory and stock availability of store products.
Organized and coordinated product delivery schedules.
Developed and implemented marketing plans to increase sales.
Toko Besi 88
Store Manager
Kepanjen, Malang, East Java, Indonesia
Sept 2022 - Des 2024
PT. Arta Boga Cemerlang (Orang Tua Group)
Marketing TO and Canvas
Conducted visits to retail stores and business partners.
Collected and processed customer orders from partner stores.
Introduced and promoted new products to retail partners.
Malang, East Java, Indonesia
Jun 2022 - Aug 2022
Kopi Bedjo
Kitchen Crew & Store Manager
Prepared food and beverages according to the menu standards.
Conducted research and development (R&D) for existing and new menu items.
Managed employee shift schedules.
Handled daily purchasing and inventory for store operations.
Malang, East Java, Indonesia
Feb 2020 - May 2022
Junior High School
SMPN 1 Tulungagung
Tulungagung
2008 - 2011
Kota Malang, East Java, Indonesia • 0858-1576-0200 • ghusyarahpn@gmail.com
Managed daily store operations including sales, inventory management, and customer
service.
Organized and maintained stock levels to ensure product availability.
Created and managed employee work schedules to support smooth store operations.
Assisted customers in creating custom perfume blends based on their fragrance
preferences.
Developed and formulated perfumes through research and development (R&D).
Created perfume dupes inspired by popular fragrances according to customer requests.
Ensured product quality and maintained a positive in-store customer experience.
Perscent Lab Aromatic
Store Manager
Tulungagung, East Java, Indonesia
Apr 2025 - Present

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Skills: Communication, Hard Worker, Detail-oriented
Languages: Indonesia (Native), English (Intermediate)